hi um have you know something different
like this is totally background and I'm
on the flora actually but the background
you seen not only his bedroom and I
think you seen my bedroom and well my
old bedroom this is my new house um I
moved out of my parents house and I live
with my grandma yeah actually it's
really awesome i love my hair and um i'm
laying on the floor because my bed isn't
here yet so yeah i'm just waiting on my
sister to move her bed so I can move my
bed and I'm on the floor I have some
things here i have my nightstand looks
like my hamper i have clothes in the
closet which is really cool closet cuz
it's french doors yeah and this
big-screen TV yeah that's not like but
that's my grandma's engineer anyways how
the big screen TV and my favorite show
was actually on TV right now yep it's
chowder so um senior ball was last
weekend and I had super fun there will
be pictures after this so stay tuned to
look at those and we had some like pizza
and pasta which was really good we were
gonna go to the dodo but everyone just
thought like pizza pasta would be better
so we went there but we're gonna go to
the dodo some other time and we just
really like I'm really full i ate all
the artichoke dip yes and see um a
lesbian kicked me in the nose
it doesn't hurt it's just if you looked
it's pretty no bruised and me and
Jessica took a bath together and that's
about it nothing really new besides all
those and alrighty see ya
oh yeah one more thing me my friends are
doing a collaboration channel here on
YouTube so if you would like to join
just do a video response and just make
the video you know it doesn't have to be
whatever monday wednesday and friday is
already taken so we're looking for
someone for tuesday and thursday and we
don't have a name yet so if you have a
creative name will totally or open plz
like suggestions so we you know it'd be
really fun to have two more people and
yep alright see ya oh yes yeah okay now
my see ya
you